#background:                centered
#background.color:          #00aacc
#background.colorTo:        #000000
background:             fullscreen
#background.pixmap:      /usr/share/fluxbox/styles/fluxbox_logo_bird.svg
#     NOOOOO   feh CANNOT HANDLE SVG FILES
background.color: rgb:3A/0C/0F

menu.frame.font:            sans-9:bold
menu.title.font:            sans-10:bold
toolbar.clock.font:         sans-9:bold
toolbar.workspace.font:         sans-10:bold
toolbar.iconbar.focused.font:       sans-8:bold
toolbar.iconbar.unfocused.font:     sans-8
window.font:                sans-8

menu.bevelWidth:            1
menu.itemHeight:            15
menu.titleHeight:           15
menu.borderColor:           #224550
menu.borderWidth:           1
menu.bullet:                diamond
menu.bullet.position:       Right
menu.title:             flat gradient rectangle
menu.title.justify:         center
menu.title.color:           #000000
menu.title.colorTo:         #b10643
menu.title.textColor:           #bfbfbf
menu.frame:             flat gradient
menu.frame.justify:         left
menu.frame.color:           #191616
menu.frame.colorTo:         #000000
menu.frame.textColor:           #bfbfbf
menu.frame.disableColor:        #cfa7a7
menu.hilite:                flat gradient
menu.hilite.color:          #830934
menu.hilite.colorTo:            #000000
menu.hilite.textColor:          #bfbfbf

toolbar.bevelWidth:      1
toolbar.borderWidth:     1
toolbar.borderColor:     #224550
toolbar.height:          20
toolbar.justify:         center
toolbar:                 flat
#toolbar.pixmap:
toolbar.color:              #191616
toolbar.colorTo:            #000000

toolbar.clock:              flat gradient rectangle
toolbar.clock.justify:          center
toolbar.clock.color:            #000000
toolbar.clock.colorTo:          #b10643
toolbar.clock.textColor:        #bfbfbf

toolbar.workspace:          flat
toolbar.workspace.justify:      Center
toolbar.workspace.color:        #000000
toolbar.workspace.colorTo:      #b10643
toolbar.workspace.textColor:        #bfbfbf

toolbar.button:             flat
toolbar.button.color:           #000000
toolbar.button.colorTo:         #000000
toolbar.button.picColor:        #830934
toolbar.button.pressed:         flat
toolbar.button.pressed.color:       #bfbfbf
toolbar.button.pressed.colorTo:     #bfbfbf
toolbar.button.pressed.picColor:    #830934

toolbar.iconbar.empty:          flat
toolbar.iconbar.empty.color:        #000000
toolbar.iconbar.empty.colorTo:      #000000

toolbar.iconbar.focused:        flat gradient
toolbar.iconbar.focused.color:      #830934
toolbar.iconbar.focused.colorTo:    #000000
toolbar.iconbar.focused.textColor:  #ffffff
toolbar.iconbar.focused.justify:    center

toolbar.iconbar.unfocused:      flat
toolbar.iconbar.unfocused.color:    #000000
toolbar.iconbar.unfocused.colorTo:  #000000
toolbar.iconbar.unfocused.textColor:    #6f6f6f
toolbar.iconbar.unfocused.justify:  center

window.bevelWidth:          1
window.shade:               true
window.borderWidth:         1
window.borderColor:         #224550
window.justify:             Center
window.title.height:        20
window.title.focus:         flat gradient rectangle
window.title.focus.color:       #000000
window.title.focus.colorTo:     #b10643
window.title.unfocus:       flat
window.title.unfocus.color:     #2f2020
window.title.unfocus.colorTo:   #2f2020

window.label.focus:         flat gradient rectangle
window.label.focus.color:       #000000
window.label.focus.colorTo:     #b10643
window.label.focus.textColor:   #bfbfbf
window.label.unfocus:           flat gradient
window.label.unfocus.color:     #191616
window.label.unfocus.colorTo:       #000000
window.label.unfocus.textColor:     #bfbfbf

window.button.focus:            flat
window.button.focus.color:          #4a4040
window.button.focus.colorTo:        #4a4040
window.button.focus.picColor:       #C5C5C5
window.button.unfocus:          flat
window.button.unfocus.Color:        #4a4040
window.button.unfocus.ColorTo:      #4a4040
window.button.unfocus.picColor:     #797979
window.button.pressed:          flat
window.button.pressed.color:        #4a4040
window.button.pressed.colorTo:      #4a4040
window.button.pressed.picColor:     #C5C5C5

window.handle.focus:            flat
window.handle.focus.color:          #2f2020
window.handle.focus.colorTo:    #2f2020
window.handle.unfocus:          flat
window.handle.unfocus.color:        #2f2020
window.handle.unfocus.colorTo:      #2f2020
window.handleWidth:             3

window.grip.focus:              flat
window.grip.focus.color:        #3F5F42
window.grip.focus.colorTo:      #3F5F42
window.grip.unfocus:            flat
window.grip.unfocus.color:      #2f2020
window.grip.unfocus.colorTo:    #2f2020
